add A/B Testing doc (#564)
kurator-dev/kurator: docs/content/en/docs/fleet-manager/rollout/abtest.md

---
title: "A/B Testing"
linkTitle: "A/B Testing"
weight: 30
description: >
  A comprehensive guide on Kurator's A/B Testing, providing an overview and quick start guide.
---

## Introduction

A/B Testing is a method of comparing two versions of an application to validate which performs better.
It essentially involves a controlled experiment where users are randomly allocated into groups at the same time, with each group experiencing a different version of the application.
The metrics from their usage are then analyzed to select the superior version based on the results. The A/B Testing can also be used to route selective users to the new version, allowing their real-world feedback on the new release to be gathered.

- **Use Case**: There are two application services with identical backend functionality but different frontend UIs. It is now necessary to validate which UI design leads to a better user experience. In this scenario, A/B Testing should be used to deploy both versions of the service in a live environment. The UI that demonstrates superior user metrics and outcomes can then be selected for full release.

> - **Functionality**: Provides configuration of A/B Testing and triggers an A/B Testing on new release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Functionality**: Provide configuration of A/B Testing and trigger an A/B Testing on new release.
```

By allowing users to deploy applications and their A/B Testing configurations in a single place, Kurator streamlines A/B Testing through automated GitOps workflows for unified deployment and validation.

> ## prerequisites

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites
```

          status: "True"
          type: Promoted
        failedChecks: 0
        iterations: 0
        lastAppliedSpec: 7b779dcc48
        lastPromotedSpec: 7b779dcc48
        lastTransitionTime: "2024-01-12T09:05:40Z"
        phase: Initialized
        trackedConfigs: {}
      clusterName: kurator-member1
  - kustomizationStatus:
      conditions:
      - lastTransitionTime: "2024-01-13T06:47:52Z"
        message: 'Applied revision: master@sha1:dc830d02a6e0bcbf63bcc387e8bde57d5627aec2'
        observedGeneration: 1
        reason: ReconciliationSucceeded
        status: "True"
        type: Ready
      inventory:
        entries:
        - id: default_podinfo__Service
          v: v1
        - id: default_podinfo_apps_Deployment
          v: v1
        - id: default_podinfo_autoscaling_HorizontalPodAutoscaler
          v: v2
      lastAppliedRevision: master@sha1:dc830d02a6e0bcbf63bcc387e8bde57d5627aec2
      lastAttemptedRevision: master@sha1:dc830d02a6e0bcbf63bcc387e8bde57d5627aec2
      observedGeneration: 1
    name: abtesting-demo-1-attachedcluster-kurator-member1
```

Given the output provided, let's dive deeper to understand the various elements and their implications:

> - Kurator allows customizing Rollout strategies under the `Spec.syncPolicies.rollout` section for services deployed via kustomization or helmrelease. It will establish and implement A/B Testing for these services according to the configuration defined here.

Reviewer: per the above config, it is not helmrelease
